this is the Oasis I've been hoping that
when audiences choose to see this movie
they will look for the biggest screens
to see the film on it's a movie that
deserves to be saying with an audience
it's the kind of thing the Gators were
made we filled the big screens in corner
to corner because that will make them
feel like they are in the world of
virtual reality it'll bond them with the
characters who are living in the Oasis
the first person to find the egg will
inherit total control of the Oasis
itself the Oasis is a virtual world
that's completely seamless and photo
Rhian I felt like I was in there I was
completely it's also just big it's a big
movie there's a lot going on well the
CGI
state of your animation is so cool
you have a t-rex and in Kong in the same
scene like no one would tell you to
watch Jurassic Park menu from
do you got to be ready to feel it Jochen
oh you're gonna be on a ride you should
see it in 2d and agency the 3d maybe the
three downs go see the IMAX and now you
can see both of our faces into the best
resolution possible so you can
experience the beauty of us are you
willing to fight
[Music]
you